# RDI-implemented-by-ARM-assembly
This project contains the implementation of Random Delay Insertion generated by Plain Uniform (PU) [1], Method of Benoit and Tunstall (BT) [2], Floating Mean Method (FM) [3] and Improved Floating Mean Method (IFM) [4], respectively. The implementation strategy is as in [3] (Appendix B) and [4] (Appdendix B).
The implementation is written by ARM assembly code and the encryption algorithm is AES-128 which is implemented by assembly as well.

[1] Clavier C, Coron J S, Dabbous N. Differential power analysis in the presence of hardware countermeasures[C]//Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems—CHES 2000: Second International Workshop Worcester, MA, USA, August 17–18, 2000 Proceedings 2. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2000: 252-263.
[2] Tunstall M, Benoit O. Efficient use of random delays in embedded software[C]//Information Security Theory and Practices. Smart Cards, Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing Systems: First IFIP TC6/WG 8.8/WG 11.2 International Workshop, WISTP 2007, Heraklion, Crete, Greece, May 9-11, 2007. Proceedings 1. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2007: 27-38.
[3] Coron J S, Kizhvatov I. An efficient method for random delay generation in embedded software[C]//International Workshop on Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems. Berlin, Heidelberg: Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2009: 156-170.
[4] Coron J S, Kizhvatov I. Analysis and improvement of the random delay countermeasure of CHES 2009[C]//Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems, CHES 2010: 12th International Workshop, Santa Barbara, USA, August 17-20, 2010. Proceedings 12. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2010: 95-109.
